Could it be that
You are that little girl back then
I'll deal with your brother first.
Yang Qianfeng
I wanted to give you a lifetime of glory and wealth
But you don't know how to cherish
Still, I was really wrong.
Let's get back together
I will definitely treat your child well in the future.
I will never force you to have a son again
Yingxue
It is said that one day husband and wife 100 days
You and Qianfeng have been together for so many years
There must be feelings
You can't just break it.
Mom is wrong, Mom will be nice to you in the future
Why do you two still have the face to get back with me?
Your family has pressed so much
How did you treat me?
Ah!
Come brother
You are the savior who drank blood
You help me count
I am your brother
I figured it out.
Make sure you want to help them get clearance.
They don't.
Throw you into the mountains
I haven't cared about it for more than ten years.
I don't know if I should plead for them
But he is my brother after all
OK
See when you saved my face
I will help you when I am at my worst
This wish
I can help you 10 times.
But
Are you sure you want to waste it on both of them?